Home
About
Services
Connect
Book a call
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Introduction

At LiquidMash, we respect your privacy and are committed to protecting your personal data. This privacy policy will inform you about how we look after your personal data when you visit our website and tell you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.

This privacy policy aims to give you information on how LiquidMash collects and processes your personal data through your use of this website, including any data you may provide through this website when you sign up for your newsletter, purchase a product or service, or take part in a survey.

The Data We Collect About You

Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).

We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together as follows:

Identity Data includes first name, last name, username or similar identifier.
Contact Data includes email address and telephone numbers.
Technical Data includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, and other technology on the devices you use to access this website.
Usage Data includes information about how you use our website, products and services.
Marketing and Communications Data includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
How We Use Your Personal Data

We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:

Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you.
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
Where we need to comply with a legal obligation.

Generally, we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data although we will get your consent before sending third party direct marketing communications to you via email or text message. You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by contacting us.

Data Security

We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorized way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.

We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.

Your Legal Rights

Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data, including the right to:

Request access to your personal data.
Request correction of your personal data.
Request erasure of your personal data.
Object to processing of your personal data.
Request restriction of processing your personal data.
Request transfer of your personal data.
Right to withdraw consent.

If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us at info@liquidmash.io.

Contact Us

If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our privacy practices, please contact us at:

Email: info@liquidmash.io

You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the supervisory authority for data protection issues in your country of residence.

Changes to the Privacy Policy

We keep our privacy policy under regular review. This version was last updated on March 23, 2025. Historic versions can be obtained by contacting us.

© Copyright 2024 | All Rights Reserved Liquid Mash 2024
Mail me new offers
Navigate
Home
About
Services
Case Studies
Connect
Legal
Privacy Policy
Ts & Cs
Contact us

T +27 10 502 1804

M info@liquidmash.io